docs: updates relative slowness of KMS v1 compared to KMS v2 (#2)
ritazh/website: content/en/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/encrypt-data.md

`secretbox` | XSalsa20 and Poly1305 | Strong | Faster | 32-byte | A newer standard and may not be considered acceptable in environments that require high levels of review.
`aesgcm` | AES-GCM with random nonce | Must be rotated every 200k writes | Fastest | 16, 24, or 32-byte | Is not recommended for use except when an automated key rotation scheme is implemented.
`aescbc` | AES-CBC with [PKCS#7](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc2315) padding | Weak | Fast | 32-byte | Not recommended due to CBC's vulnerability to padding oracle attacks.

> `kms v1` | Uses envelope encryption scheme: Data is encrypted by data encryption keys (DEKs) using AES-CBC with [PKCS#7](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc2315) padding (prior to v1.25), using AES-GCM starting from v1.25, DEKs are encrypted by key encryption keys (KEKs) according to configuration in Key Management Service (KMS) | Strongest | Slow(_compared to `kms v2`_) | 32-bytes |  The recommended choice for using a third party tool for key management. Simplifies key rotation, with a new DEK generated for each encryption, and KEK rotation controlled by the user. [Configure the KMS V1 provider](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kms-provider#configuring-the-kms-provider-kms-v1).

Reviewer: Should we recommend kms v2 over kms v1?

Author: Should we remove v1 altogether? I thought this table lists all available providers.

Reviewer 2: I think `The recommended choice for using a third party tool for key management.` should only be for kms v2 but we should keep v1 in the list until it's supported.

> `kms v2` | Uses envelope encryption scheme: Data is encrypted by data encryption keys (DEKs) using AES-GCM, DEKs are encrypted by key encryption keys (KEKs) according to configuration in Key Management Service (KMS) | Strongest | Fast | 32-bytes |  The recommended choice for using a third party tool for key management. Available in beta after `1.27`. A new DEK is generated at startup and reused for encryption. The DEK is rotated when the KEK is rotated. [Configure the KMS V2 provider](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kms-provider#configuring-the-kms-provider-kms-v2).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`kms v2` | Uses envelope encryption scheme: Data is encrypted by data encryption keys (DEKs) using AES-GCM, DEKs are encrypted by key encryption keys (KEKs) according to configuration in Key Management Service (KMS) | Strongest | Fast | 32-bytes |  The recommended choice for using a third party tool for key management. Available in beta from `v1.27`. A new DEK is generated at startup and reused for encryption. The DEK is rotated when the KEK is rotated. [Configure the KMS V2 provider](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kms-provider#configuring-the-kms-provider-kms-v2).
```

> `kms v2` | Uses envelope encryption scheme: Data is encrypted by data encryption keys (DEKs) using AES-GCM, DEKs are encrypted by key encryption keys (KEKs) according to configuration in Key Management Service (KMS) | Strongest | Fast | 32-bytes |  The recommended choice for using a third party tool for key management. A new DEK is generated at startup and reused for encryption. The DEK is rotated when the KEK is rotated. [Configure the KMS V2 provider](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kms-provider#configuring-the-kms-provider-kms-v2).

Reviewer: Should we say beta after 1.27?
